What happened back then was my fault
I will not.
I was wrong about what happened back then
It's all over
The past.
Let's forget about it.
It's all over
Did he forget about me too?
Why isn't he talking?
He's still so good-looking.
No, it looks more manly now
Oh no no no
If you look any further, it will fall again.
that
If it's okay
I'll go first
Leave a WeChat message
Contact often in the future
hot
Is the economy tight?
No, I'm an intern at my family's computing company.
Have to keep a low profile
Take your time
See you.
Hey
overcome
I think it's really good to be in love with him
He didn't seem to hate me at all.
Host
You seem to have some thieves' hearts towards him.
What did you say?
But
If only I could talk to him again
Yeah, but...
It doesn't seem realistic
He doesn't look like the kind of guy who just steals grass
If he is still the one who had nothing
Just be poor.
Yeah, he's the boss now
It's a tough thing to do.
Nuannuan, where did you get this car from?
Oops, rented
We can't lose the momentum when we come out to audition
Oh, but it's warm
I just saw the news today.
It is said that there are many first-line female celebrities in the country
Come and try the role of Ah Cha
You said I was a newcomer.
Oh, don't think so.
As long as you have confidence in yourself
This role must be yours
But
Oh, I'm here to accompany you for an interview
You have to have confidence in yourself.
Leave Me